May the spirit of the Christmas fill your home with peace, joy and love. 
I wish you all merry Christmas and Happy new year Christmas is the proof that this world can become a better place if we have lots of people like you who fills it with happiness and hope. 
Keep your faith and kindness this Christmas. I wish you good health and prosperity this holiday season. 
Make every moment of the Holidays a wonderful time by spending it with loved ones. Christmas is best when love is all around you. 
Sending you the greetings of the season with all my love and cheers. May the light of Christmas give you peace and happiness. 
Your kind soul is a gift no one can ever match. Prosperity and an abundance of love is my wish for you and your family this Christmas. 
On this happy holiday season, may the spirit of Christmas spread the happiness, love and peace. 
Celebrate the Christmas and new year with fun and party. merry Christmas Wishing you a Christmas, filled with fun and party. Have a wonderful Christmas!!! 
May the spirit of the Christmas warn your home with love and fun. have a blessed Christmas On this holiday season, I wish you a christmas filled with fun and party. 
May the success will hug you on every day and in everything you do. 
Merry Christmas and happy new year Wishing you a wonderful Christmas filled with happiness and fun
May this Christmas brings you love and joy. Seasons Greetings and Happy new year.
May the good tiding Christmas brings stay with you for ever. Merry Christmas and Happy New year.
May God bless you and your family on this holiday season. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Happy Holidays and Merry Christmas.
While the whole world rejoice with happiness and hope, I wish you a Merry Christmas filled with love and peace.
Wishing you Merry Christmas and a happy New Year! 
On this Christmas I wish you, a fress and happy feelings to start a new year with confidence. 
Merry Christmas and Happy new year. 
“Let us remember that the Christmas heart is a giving heart, a wide open heart that thinks of others first.” George Matthew Adams.
“Christmas is forever, not for just one day, for loving, sharing, giving, are not to put away like bells and lights and tinsel, in some box upon a shelf. The good you do for others is good you do yourself…”Norman Wesley Brooks
What I wish for you this Christmas is good health, that you will be Heart attack free when you see the numerous bills Diabetes free when you eat all the sugary candy Obesity free when you stuff yourself on all the turkey Insanity free when your dysfunctional family shows up. 
With our Christmas lists in hand Into the lifts we go Sighing all the way Bills and credit cards Making spirits sad What pain it is to shop and pay Each Christmas time these days. 
Let the priest rejoice himself By delivering endless Christmas messages Let us Rejoice ourselves By enjoying the Christmas Party and wine Merry Christmas  and Happy New Year